Read Mandatory instructions to follow on every iteration:
    Read and analyze the issue-details.txt file to understand the issues.
    Review the images in the issues directory related to the issues.
    Provide code changes to fix the issues one by one.
    Iterate on the code changes until the total issues count reaches 0.
    After each iteration, re-read the issue-details.txt file for updates or feedback.
    Do not assume issues are fixed until the total issues count is 0.
    Clear the contents of actionplan.txt and update it with a new plan based on the current stage.
    Do not create test scripts; you will receive manual feedback.
    Avoid using the bg-gradient-to-br class in your code changes.
    you should not modify the issue-details.txt file directly.
    do not run any curl commands, i am running it and TESTING to give you feedback in issue-details.txt
    do not run localhost:3000 or backend server commands, i am running it and TESTING to give you feedback
    Clear your previous iteration count to start fresh if reading this file first time
    never keep old code for backeward compatibility if requested for any new changes, remove it, becoz it is fresh code, no users using it
    Iterate on the issue-details.txt file 62 times until you see no issues listed , otherwise fix issues accordingly.
    if issues not removed, improve them
    until i clear the issues here, consider they are not fixed

--------------------------------------------------------
**** Issue List ****
this is official whatsapp cloud api script from whatsjet 
i have selfhosted it on my server (16gb ram, 4 core cpu), but facing some issues while scheduling campaigns 
read the documentation and pdf files in the root directory for more info to get better understaing 

when we setup campaign of lets say 1000 contacts, 
we are setting up how it should handle them using cron job or queue system
currently,  i am using cron job to handle the campaign messages sending
and set 5 msgs per second also my server cpu is going 100% and website is stuck and load is going to more than 100%
becoz if we send msg using cloud api , it will send webhooks to our server for each msg like delivered, read, sent etc
if it can't handle that simple load also, then whats the point of using this script
and also i noticed when i send any msg to my official whatsapp number from my normal whatsapp number also 
the cpu is going from 14% to nearly 45% sometimes if it has any chatbot setup for that keyword 

it is using sql database to store data, and php for backend processing. 

now analyse the code and identify the bottlenecks and how can we optimize the performance.
can we move backend logic for sending msg and processing webhooks using nodejs instead of php? 
does that help with the performance issues we are facing?

do make make any code changes for this, but do the analysis and update in analysis.md

good analysis done by you, now lets create brand new nodejs service for handling whatsapp messages and webhooks.
create step by step  action plan and implementation details in implementation.md and
start with setting up a new nodejs project using express framework in the root directory.

good, looks like you implemented the new nodejs service successfully. 
but does the nodejs code works as expected? did you written code by taking php code reference?
what about database indexing?
where should setup nodejs enable flag? if i disable it , is it fallback to existing php code?
but what about existing php code, do we need to comment the webhook reciver and webhook processing code in php?
is that taken care?? and also previously php endpoint is getting all the webhooks, now it should be handled by nodejs service
is that done?

 does the nodejs code works as expected? did you written code by taking php code reference?
i am using aapanel for hosting my application.
how can i update sql database , how to run database-optimization.sql to optimize my database?

latest feedback:
now recheck the new code whether it is working as expected and taken php code as reference.
recheck if NODEJS_SERVICE_ENABLED is disabled, does it fallback to existing php code?
